Hello Joelc and thank you for purchasing a super detailed written tarot reading from my shop.

I’m just going to go straight in and pull a celtic cross for you and see what shows up.

I am not at all surprised to see the High Priestess at the centre of your reading! When I was
meditating prior to your reading I was sensing that you were very intuitive/ spiritually tuned in
yourself and I do sense that your strongest “clair” is clairvoyance, so I feel that you may see pictures
or have vivid dreams which guide you. The High Priestess here is reversed so I feel that you may have
some doubts around trusting your own intuition or that you feel it is blocked in some way.

It feels a bit like you have a very good sense of intuition when it comes to helping others see clearly,
but sometimes when it comes to your own life there is a lot of “noise” which can confuse you. The
“noise” sometimes being logical thoughts which perhaps feel like they can muddy the waters.

With the seven of swords reversed at the top of your reading representing what is on your mind I feel
like currently you are sort of chewing over a situation where you feel that you do not have all the
information and it is causing you to feel a little unstable and unsure of what action to take. I do think
you are correct that you do not currently know all the relevant information, certain aspects of this
situation are hidden from you at the moment. There is an energy of patient waiting and observation
surrounding this situation at the moment. Things are unfolding and you will steadily gain more
information which will help you make sense of things. The Knight of pentacles is crossing the High
Priestess here and I do feel this energy will serve you well. This is the energy of keeping on placing
one foot in front of the other in a consistent manner - each step can feel so small and almost like it
will get you nowhere, but soon the steps add up and you see that you are making steady progress. It
is about staying grounded in practical, everyday, sometimes “boring” tasks - which can be hard when
we have an intuitive, spiritual side. I do feel that the way things will unfold will help you to trust your
own intuition more. I do think deep down you know the truth of a certain situation, and know what
direction to take, but in order to balance your intuition and the more logical side of things you feel
like you need to bide your time - and I think you are correct to do that!

I do think there may be a few areas of life where you are trying to tune into your intuition to help you
and one of those areas seems to relate to a new beginning. I have the Ace of Pentacles in your
“Strengths” here which is all about starting something new, and can often relate to practical matters
like house, job, money. There is something here about timing and what spirit is wanting to get across
is that you know when to make this new thing happen - when to start this new thing. It feels like you
know you are not quite ready yet. Sometimes “fake it till you make it” works and sometimes it can get
you into a bit of bother! At the moment it feels like a little more ground work needs to be done rather
than launching into a new chapter hoping that you can wing it. I don’t think it is loads more ground
work however! (And when the time comes to start your new thing, you may still feel like you are
taking a bit of leap and “winging it”, and that is ok! - but it just feels like there is a little more
preparation work to be done before “launching”) But spirit is saying that this is a strength of yours -
making sure that everything is place before making the move/starting the thing - especially making
sure you have considered the long term consequences.

You have the King of Swords in your near future and he has always thought carefully about how he
will move forward so I have no doubt that soon you will move out of an energy of “waiting” and you
will feel like you have all your thoughts in order and will be able to communicate them clearly and
really get the ball rolling. It almost has the energy of delivering a confident speech or arguing your
corner effectively. There is the energy of hard work and careful thought paying off here - and also the
energy of you being very shrewd, and being careful who you share your ideas with - playing your
cards close to your chest. It feels like perhaps in the past you could have shared too much of yourself
with unsupportive people, in a way that may allow them to take advantage or affect your enthusiasm,
and now you are being careful about how much you share of yourself.

Following on from the King of swords we see the 9 of wands reversed - What I am feeling here is that
someone could be a little surprised by seeing you in this King of swords energy I have just described.
They may test your boundaries. So this is about you remaining focused on yourself - this is not you
being selfish, but about honoring yourself and your own needs. I do feel like you find it very easy to
see the perspective of others, which is admirable, but your perspective is important too - what is
showing up here is different perspectives on a new beginning and the question of how well each
perspective is being heard. I feel there will be discussions around this (perhaps not for the first time)
and you will need to keep strong boundaries in place.

The “outcome” card for this reading is The Queen of Pentacles - here I am reminded of an earthy
energy I was getting when I was meditating prior to the reading - working with herbs or
traditional/plant medicine in some way seemed relevant, so I am not sure if that is to do with yourself
or someone close to you. But that aside - here I feel this Queen of Pentacles is coming across to me as
someone very comfortable in her own skin. There is a sense of ease and freedom here. And so
ultimately it feels like the journey you are currently on - what is on the other side of it - is this greater
sense of feeling comfortable in your environment - it feels like where you currently feel restricted and
uneasy - this can lift. The Queen of Pentacles is reversed - which to me is just trying to point out to us
what could potentially block this feeling of freedom - and this energy is bouncing off the ace of
swords at the bottom of your reading. This ace of swords is talking about truth and clarity and such
information being revealed. So I do feel this is just spirit reassuring you that truth and clarity is on its
way and as long as you pay attention to it, it will ultimately lead to a feeling of freedom. I do also feel
it is going to lead to making new connections that currently feel impossible. There is a real sense of
“finding your people” here. I feel you are going to meet and be helped by a lot of people on the same
wavelength as you. And I do feel you are supported by your ancestors too, particularly female
ancestors. There is a lot of warmth showing up in the outcome here.

To wrap up the reading I have pulled you an Oracle card, and the card I got for you was “Observer” - I
really think that this is backing up the previous message we had about you currently being in an
energy of waiting and careful observation from a sort of distance, from a sort of “neutral” vantage
point. It is just reminding you that it is ok to take a bit of time, space and/or distance before reacting
or moving forward with plans.

I hope all of that makes sense for you, it was a pleasure reading for you and thank you again for
trusting me to read for you.

Natasha
